[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart I hope you're enjoying the
day and today I'm going to tell you about the salsa, the
salsa that everyone is
commenting on today and you're waiting for me to give you
my opinion, I don't see much
importance in it, I mean it's just a little thing and I'm
not asking for this not to happen because if
these things don't happen on
television sets, man, we got a little bored it
turns out that things that we were hoping would happen
last night came together at the
fresh Rocío Flores and Isabel Drama they
both coincided on set what's
going on well as you know Isabel
Rabago is very close to Rocío
Carrasco's side not in the past but there was something that
made her change her mind when she
started talking to Rocío Carrasco
look what she must
have her reasons she must have her reasons I
have videos on the main channel
where I put the radical change of opinion
because she also Isabel
Rabago had a very good relationship with
Antonio Bis and she was always having
good words for him
defending the same  that
Rosa Carrasco is now defending, Antonia Vino was defending
this, you have a video on the main channel,
not the question that can always
be there, always can't, well, she'll give him
some little jabs, a little bit,
Rocío Flores and yesterday's ball tried to
talk about the subject of
influencers, Victoria Federica who
apparently is no longer with her boyfriend
but she doesn't say it publicly because they
still have a couple of contracts
together, no, but yesterday it could be seen that
she did not attend the premiere of Divina, no,
that he is a friend of Victoria Federica and it is
said that it was because she didn't meet often, because she wasn't
there with her boyfriend, anyway, these are
things that give her away, no to what Rocío
Flores said, but well, it seems a little
regrettable to me, no, well, regrettable, I don't know if that
was the exact word, no, but it was like, it
seems a little sad to me to have to
continue being with a person
that you are not with because you have a
contract with one,
these are things that happen, imagine that
you are promoting
a product with your partner and you have to
continue promoting it for two
months and you have broken up with your partner, hey, well,
wait and make it public for a couple of
months  listen to me that doesn't mean that
you're with your partner because of a contract in the
end you're not with her another thing is what you
say in public that you
don't have the obligation to say it
or not to say it in public that
's what happens isabel rábago takes it and
answers well rocio listen to me
here in our world in the world of the
heart it also happens that celebrities
each take their time as they want you
know there are many people who understood this
as if it were a sack for the issue of
manuel maybe marc I think that of course a
clear dick referring to his father that
his father and olga have been totally
free to
warn to warn if they were together and they
weren't together if people have to
know that the marriage is already broken if
they separate if they don't separate and above all
I think that he supported her for
this I think it is I don't know if it will be like that or not
say much about what you think about the issue that
antonio a biologist did not divorce
despite the fact that they separated okay I think
that for the reasons that they may have I don't
know I think that the one that goes a little  over there the little
shot no and then it wasn't
flowers because after a while he reacts
at that moment he cuts the field and after
a while and relates it he says hey I
spray flowers Carrasco
and I think that it's not right to do it like this
I think that no that it's a little
regrettable or a little depressing a little
whatever maintaining a relationship in
front of the public simply because of
contracts or whatever I don't understand
there that what El Uso Carrasco wants is
that she speaks for herself not because of what
others do that's why I say that the barb
was clearly about the father and
Olga issue okay move aside now better topic Olga
the Marta issue anyway specifically it
could go through many topics but let's go
there more or less what do you think
family I will be reading you I send you a
huge hug and I love you
[Music]